Special Black Spider

high

# USDB and WETH rebalances are stuck within the contract

## Summary
USDB and WETH rebalances are stuck within the contract

## Vulnerability Detail
Contract: BlastLinearVesting.sol

The BlastLinearVesting contract is the LinearVesting implementation for the Blast blockchain. The functionality is 1:1 the same as the normal derivative module, as it inherits the standard LinearVesting contract. The only difference is the inheritance of the BlastGas contract, which configures a governor (AuctionHouse) that can claim a fee refund.

So far, this logic is perfectly fine, as the BlastAuctionHouse nicely exposes the claimMaxGas function to claim gas fees on behalf of this module:

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L72](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L72)

The problem: Any WETH or USDB token which are transferred to the LinearVesting contract as underlying token for a vesting position, do have the automatic claimable mode activated:

https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/weth-yield

That means the balances are ever increasing. However, the contract cannot handle these increasing funds. As “depositor” it is only possible to receive a maximum of the input amount (based on the vesting progress).

Any accrued tokens are permanently stuck in the contract.

## Impact
IMPACT:

a) Permanently lost funds

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L72

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider following the same fashion as in the AuctionHouse module (for Blast), which configures the yield as claimable and claims it towards the protocol.
