Sparkly Merlot Platypus

high

# Bids and funding stuck if private key is lost

## Summary
A succesfully ended EMPAM auction needs to have the bids decrypted and needs to be settled. The decryption process depends on the private key. If private key is lost the auction is stuck in the concluded state.
## Vulnerability Detail
Currently in order to for the EMPAM function to be resolved successfully the decryption process needs to happen after the conclusion timestamp. The decryption process depends on private key which should be held either by the protocol team or the seller (person who created the auction). If the key is lost, or the malicious seller throws is away intentionally the auction will be stuck along with all seller's baseToken and bidder's bids. 
## Impact
Loss of seller's funds and all bidders funds.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L441
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
some rules could be followed: 
a) Bidders shouldn't be punished in case the key is lost, because it was not their responsibility - what could be done is to allow the bidders to refundBids() after certain period of time after auction concludes in case the settlement didn't happen (let's call it settlement period).
b) depending who is in charge of holding the key, it could be: 
   
1. The seller. If the seller is the only person holding the private key, then it would make sense to punish him with portion of the funding in case he didn't provide the key until settlement period is over. That would motivate him to be cautious about the safekeeping of the key.
2. The protocol team. In that case the team would be responsible for loosing the key, so there should be a failsafe to release all bids and funding after settlement period expired
3. The seller and the protocol team. In that case the protocol team would be the failsafe in case seller doesn't want to comply. In that case after settlement period the owner address could still provide the key and release the bids and funds (potentially applying a fine to the seller, depending on the protocol's owner decision, based on the seller's behaviour/explanations)

The choice of the three options should be of the seller and it should be known to the bidders - setting expectations clearly before anyone engages.
