Blunt Nylon Hornet

medium

# Protocol has a design vulnerability which could result in future loss of funds

## Summary

The protocol is designed in such a way that in certain cases, it might result in a scenario where users lose funds in an EMPAM auction. 

## Vulnerability Detail

A specific EMPAM auction is conducted in this way: 

1. The seller starts an auction and submits their public key so that the bids can be encrypted. 
2. The encrypted bids are submitted by the bidders and the auction ends.
3. The seller submits the private key.
4. Anyone can decrypt the bids now and start the settling process. 

The issue with this design is that the seller needs to actually submit the private key for the auction to proceed forward. This is perfectly alright, but there might be cases where the seller does not submit the private key in the end and the auction cannot proceed further - i.e, user funds are stuck forever in the contract. The protocol needs a deadline as to when the seller should submit the private key, and after that the auction should be disabled and the users should be able to recover their funds. 

## Impact

Users lose all funds in rare scenarios where a seller does not submit the private key, perhaps due to external circumstances. 

## Code Snippet

N/A

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Have a deadline as to when a seller must submit their private key, after which the auction should be disabled and the users must be able to claim their funds back. 
