Mythical Iron Lark

high

# Depositer Receives Less With Referrer Due to Incorrect Quote Fee Calculation

## Summary
Protocol users will bid with different quote token amount when they have a referrer than those with same Quote token amount but without referrer.This happens because referrerFee and protocolFee are deducted from quoteToken amount  even though the referrer fee should come from the protocol fee when calculating quoteFees.
## Vulnerability Detail
When calculating Quote Fees the protocol has a check whether the depositer of the quote token has a referrer or not. The user's amount received is lesser when having a referrer even though the referrer fee should be deducted from the protocol fee.

Below is an Explanation verifying this.

Alice deposits 10 Weth when the protocol fee is 1 Weth, the referrer fee is 0.5 Weth, and the fee decimals are 1e5.

* As seen in the lines of code below from the [calculateQuoteFee](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/bases/FeeManager.sol#L68-L88) function..

```@solidity
     if (hasReferrer_) {
            // In this case we need to:
            // 1. Calculate referrer fee
            // 2. Calculate protocol fee as the total expected fee amount minus the referrer fee
            //    to avoid issues with rounding from separate fee calculations
            toReferrer = uint96(Math.mulDivDown(amount_, referrerFee_, feeDecimals));
            toProtocol = uint96(Math.mulDivDown(amount_, protocolFee_ + referrerFee_, feeDecimals))
                - toReferrer;
        } else {
            // If there is no referrer, the protocol gets the entire fee
            toProtocol = uint96(Math.mulDivDown(amount_, protocolFee_ + referrerFee_, feeDecimals));
        }
```

**When Alice deposits and hasReferrer is true:**

* Referrer fee (toReferrer):  $\frac{(10 \text{Weth}) \cdot (0.5 \text{Weth})}{1 \text{e5}} = 0.00005 \text{Weth}$
* Protocol fee (toProtocol): $\frac{(10 \text{Weth}) \cdot \left( 1 + \frac{0.5 \text{Weth}}{1 \text{e5}} \right)}{1 \text{e5}} - 0.00005 \text{Weth} = 0.0001 \text{Weth}$ 

**When Alice deposits and hasReferrer is false:**

* Protocol fee (toProtocol): $\frac{(10 \text{Weth}) \cdot \left( 1 + \frac{1 \text{Weth}}{1 \text{e5}} \right)}{1 \text{e5}} = 0.00015 \text{Weth}$


As seen in the POC above referrer fee is deducted from depositor amount instead of from protocol Fee, where by Alice receives referrer fee(0.00005) less when having a referrer than when not.
## Impact
Users with refferer will bid with lesser amount than those without referrer even though they deposit same amount.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/bases/FeeManager.sol#L68-L88
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Deduct referrer fee from protocol fee, not from user.