Chilly Daisy Chipmunk

medium

# Malicious seller can cancel batch auction and freeze user's bids

## Summary
The cancel function in `Auctioneer.sol` leaves a window for a malicious seller to cancel a batch auction, leading to user's bids being stuck in the contract forever.
## Vulnerability Detail
The cancel function does the following checks:
`_revertIfLotConcluded(lotId_);` in `Auction.sol`:
```solidity
      if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion < uint48(block.timestamp)) {
            revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
        }
```
` _revertIfLotActive(lotId_);` in `_cancelAuction` in `EMPAM.sol`
   ```solidity
 if (isLive(lotId_)) revert Auction_MarketActive(lotId_);
 ```
```solidity
 function isLive(uint96 lotId_) public view override returns (bool) {
        return (
            lotData[lotId_].capacity != 0 && lotData[lotId_].conclusion > uint48(block.timestamp)
                && lotData[lotId_].start <= uint48(block.timestamp)
        );
    }
```
Consider the following scenario:
1)An attacker creates a batch auction.
2)Users start bidding.
3)Time passes and the conclusion time comes. The attacker calls cancel with block.timestamp equal to the conclusion of the lot.
4)The lot is cancelled and users cannot get their bids back.

The action described in the third point is feasable as both the forementioned checks `_revertIfLotConcluded` and `_revertIfLotActive` will be passed if block.timestamp=lotData[lotId_].conclusion.
In order for the attack to be feasible it would require block.timestamp manipulation in order for the timestamp to be exactly equal to the conclusion of the lot. block.timestamp manipulations are very and easily performed by miners with only two constraints:
"1. The manipulated timestamp cannot be set to an earlier time than the parent block’s timestamp.
2. The manipulated timestamp cannot be set too far into the future." (Quoted from https://medium.com/@solidity101/block-timestamp-manipulation-2f5e86b1594f) 
## Impact
Bidders will not be able to claim their assets. If all funds rely on the seller to submit the private key many users will consider the protocol to be unsafe.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L733C5-L733C13
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change `_revertIfLotConcluded(lotId_);` in `Auction.sol`:
```solidity
      if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion <= uint48(block.timestamp)) {
            revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
        }
```