Glorious Wool Cricket

high

# Wrong comparison operator used inside `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` may cause multiple issues

## Summary

Due to an issue inside the function `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` where a wrong comparison operator is used to determine the conclusion of an auction, multiple other issues and attack vectors are opened up for exploitation:

* Cancelling an EMPAM auction after bids have been submitted

* Bidding after an EMPAM auction was concluded.

* Cancelling or bidding on an EMPAM auction after `submitPrivateKey()` was invoked.

## Vulnerability Detail

#### Main issue description - EMPAM auctions can be cancelled after bids were submitted

EMPAM auctions are not allowed to be cancelled once started, otherwise the seller could cancel the auction after bids have been submitted (see comment line 203 EMPAM.sol).

However there is an issue that enables an auctioneer to cancel an EMPAM after bids have been submitted.

An EMPAM auction is cancelled by calling `Auctioneer.cancel()` where subsequently the functions `AuctionModule.cancelAuction()` and `EMPAM._cancelAuction()` are invoked.

Cancelling an EMPAM auction is restricted by the protocol and may trigger a revert when `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` is invoked inside `AuctionModule.cancelAuction()` (line 354 Auction.sol) or when `AuctionModule._revertIfLotActive()` is called inside `EMPAM._cancelAuction()` (line 204 EMPAM.sol).

However the issue is that EMPAM auctions can be cancelled when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp()`:

* The issue is in `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` on line 735 in Auction.sol, where a wrong `<` comparison operator is used, which in the case where `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp` no revert would be triggered due to the `<` comparison operator.

* Also `AuctionModule._revertIfLotActive()` would not trigger a revert, since it checks `AuctionModule.isLive()` (line 758 Auction.sol). And `isLive()` checks  if `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is bigger than `block.timestamp`, which would not revert if `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp`.

Summarizing the issue, `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` and `AuctionModule._revertIfLotActive()` would not trigger a revert when cancelling an EMPAM auction when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp`.

***
#### Second similar issue - cancelling an auction after bids were decrypted:

`EMPAM.submitPrivateKey()` submits the private key to the protocol, so that encrypted data from all bids of a certain auction can be decrypted.

`EMPAM.submitPrivateKey()` also checks `AuctionModule._revertIfLotActive()` line 403 EMPAM.sol. So if `EMPAM.submitPrivateKey()` is called when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp`, the tx would not revert, however the auctioneer is still able to cancel the auction by calling `Auctioneer.cancel()` in the same block which has the same block.timestamp (due to the issue described above), for example if the auctioneer is not satisfied with the amounts from the decrypted data that was submitted by the bidders (auctioneer may check the public state variable `decryptedBids` line 115 EMPAM.sol which contains the decrypted `amountOut` among other bidding data, according to the doc: **Auction Settlement Part 1: Decryption** in EMPA.md).

***
#### Third similar issue - bidder can bid after auction concluded:

For an EMPAM auction a bid can be made by calling `AuctionHouse.bid()`, which invokes `AuctionModule.bid()` subsequently where `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` on line 456 in Auction.sol is checked. Due to the issue described above with the wrong `<` comparison operator in `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()`, a bidder can bid when the auction is already concluded when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp`.

***
#### Fourth issue - bidder loses their tokens they bid:

A bidder may bid after an auction was cancelled and their tokens are lost. `AuctionModule.cancelAuction()` sets `lot.conclusion` equal to `block.timestamp` (line 362 Auction.sol). So if the bidder's bid tx happens in the same block (same `block.timestamp`), the tx will not revert since `AuctionModule.bid()` checks `_revertIfLotConcluded()` which has the issue described above that on line 735 in Auction.sol that the `<` comparison operator will not detect the conclusion of the auction, thus the bid is not reverting despite that the auction was cancelled and concluded. Some time later, if the bidder wants a refund for his tokens that they bid on the cancelled auction, the bidder tries to call `AuctionHouse.refundBid()`, but the tx will revert since the subsequent invoked method `AuctionModule.refundBid()` is checking for `_revertIfLotConcluded()` l512 Auction.sol, which reverts since the auction was concluded. Thus the bidder's tokens may be lost and can't be refunded to the bidder.


## Impact

* EMPAM auctions may be cancelled despite that bids have been submitted, which should not be allowed.

* A malicious auctioneer may cancel an EMPAM auction after bids have been submitted, thus preventing a "negative" outcome for the auctioneer who wants to achieve a better result (higher bids) with their auction. Note that only `amountOut` is encrypted in submitted bids: See EMPA.md quote: "Buyers encrypt a portion of their bids (the amount out) off-chain using the EC public key and submit them to the contract." So the auctioneer is able to check almost all data of a bid that was submitted, except the encrypted part, via `EMPAM.getBid()`, and then the auctioneer may cancel the auction.

* A malicious auctioneer may still cancel an EMPAM auction after `EMPAM.submitPrivateKey()` was invoked, if the auctioneer is unsatisfied with the data from the decrypted submitted bids.

* A malicious bidder may bid after an auction concluded.

* A malicious bidder may, before they place their bid, check the decrypted other bids from the other bidders, due to the "Second similar issue" described above. The malicious bidder places their bid when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp` directly after `EMPAM.submitPrivateKey()` was submitted in the same block.

* A bidder may bid after an auction was cancelled and their tokens are lost/stuck, see "Fourth issue" description above.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L733-L737

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L301-L311

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L400-L404

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L340-L348

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L446-L457

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adjusting the comparison operator inside the function `AuctionModule._revertIfLotConcluded()` to `<=`:

```solidity
// Auction.sol

735        if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion <= uint48(block.timestamp)) {
```
