Salty Violet Mole

high

# Inability for Seller to Claim Remaining Capacity after Prefunded Atomic Auction `FPAM` Concludes

## Summary

When a prefunded `FPAM` auction (Atomic auction) concludes with remaining Base token capacity, the seller cannot claim that capacity, resulting in a loss of funds for the seller as the Base tokens remain trapped inside the `AuctionHouse` contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a seller initiates a new `FPAM` auction (Atomic auction) using the `auction` function, they have the option to prefund it. If prefunded, the seller transfers all Base token capacity to the `AuctionHouse` contract.

After the auction starts, there are two primary scenarios for the prefunded capacity:

1. All capacity is purchased by buyers through the `purchase` function.
2. Some capacity is purchased, and the seller cancels the auction before its conclusion using the `cancel` function to withdraw the remaining capacity.

In both scenarios, the seller does not suffer any fund losses. However, if the auction concludes without selling all the capacity, leaving remaining Base tokens, a third scenario arises.

In this scenario, the seller cannot call the `cancel` function to retrieve the remaining Base token capacity because the function reverts due to the `_revertIfLotConcluded` modifier within `Auction.cancelAuction`.

The `_revertIfLotConcluded` modifier reverts when the auction conclusion time has passed. Thus, in this scenario, the seller cannot reclaim the remaining Base tokens by calling `cancel` and they can't be purchased either as the auction will be in an inactive state (concluded), leaving the funds trapped inside the `AuctionHouse` contract and resulting in a financial loss for the auction seller.

## Impact

Auction sellers may lose prefunded Base token funds when running an ATOMIC auction `FPAM`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L351-L364

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L311-L336

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L733-L741

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, two options are available, with the first being more suitable:

- Implement a function in `AuctionHouse` to claim the remaining capacity if an `FPAM` auction concludes without selling all its capacity.
- Disallow prefunding for atomic auctions `FPAM`.