Strong Juniper Lizard

medium

# Seller can DOS and gas grief buyers with custom callback smart contract

## Summary

There are many ways an untrusted seller can create an attractive `auction` for buyers, but external calls to a callback provided by any seller can be dangerous. This issue is obvious, although it is not noted as a known issue/acceptable risk that should not result in a valid finding.

## Vulnerability Detail
1)When creating an auction, a `callback` is set by any seller, but there is no check to ensure that the callback contract is implemented properly. Certain functions may revert later, leading to a denial-of-service (DOS) vulnerability.
2)Solidity consumes 63/64 of gas in subcalls. However, after an external call to a callback is executed, the remaining 1 unit of gas can be insufficient, potentially leading to a denial-of-service (DOS) vulnerability or expend a lot of gas.
3)If a callback function returns a large payload, the sender of the transaction (the buyer in our case) will incur high gas costs due to the expensive memory allocation required for copying this payload.
```solidity
function callback(ICallback self, bytes memory data) internal {
        bytes4 expectedSelector;
        assembly {
            expectedSelector := mload(add(data, 0x20))
        }

-->     (bool success, bytes memory result) = address(self).call(data);
        if (!success) _revert(result);

        bytes4 selector = abi.decode(result, (bytes4));

        if (selector != expectedSelector) {
            revert InvalidCallbackResponse();
        }
    }
```

## Impact
The seller can perform a denial-of-service (DOS) attack and inflate gas costs for buyers using a custom callback smart contract.

## Code Snippet
[src/lib/Callbacks.sol#L94-L95](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/lib/Callbacks.sol#L94-L95)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider setting a limit on the amount of gas needed for executing an external call to any callback.
Utilize a low-level assembly call, as it does not automatically copy return data to memory.
