Cheesy Banana Chicken

medium

# Sellers can forbid bids to be placed on an active batch auctions

## Summary
At any time of an active batch auction the seller of the auction could forbid more bids to be placed, even though the auction has not settled yet. This leads to a non fair advantage to the bidders who already bid over the future bidders.

## Vulnerability Detail
The sellers have the option to execute callback logic when valid bids are created. When `AuctionHouse.bid()` is executed for the current valid bid(**when bidder in allowlist, auction is Active**) the seller can decide to revert the transaction initiated by the bidder. This could happen when the `onBid() `callback is called inside `AuctionHouse.bid()`. The seller may revert when this callback logic is executed on his side(if the seller is a smart contract), leading to a failed tx. The seller can stop the current bidder for bidding or to block all future bidders for X amount of time.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L359-L367
## Impact
Sellers can cheat the business logic of Axis-Finance auction and block future bids on their ACTIVE auction even though the bidders are in the allow-list. They can also block all future bids for a specific period of time on their own ACTIVE auction. This makes an unfair advantage for some bidders. Also all the blocked bidders(which might be in the allow-list) will lose gas by triggering failure txs.

## Code Snippet
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider if the `onBid()` callback is needed in `Auctioneer.bid()` , or it can be removed.