Vast Viridian Rhino

high

# Possibility of bach auction cancellation at exact conclusion time

## Summary
The batch auctions can be cancelled at its exact conclusion time, leading to the impossibility of settling an auction and preventing bidders from refunding their bids.
## Vulnerability Detail
An auction owner initiates the cancellation process by invoking 'cancel' function from Auctioneer contract that calls `cancelAuction` implemented in Auction contract to check whether the lot is active and can be legally canceled. This function checks (by calling `_revertIfLotConcluded`) if the lot has not concluded yet. 
```solidity
function _revertIfLotConcluded(uint96 lotId_) internal view virtual {
        // Beyond the conclusion time
        if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion < uint48(block.timestamp)) {
            revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
        }

        // Capacity is sold-out, or cancelled
        if (lotData[lotId_].capacity == 0) revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
    }
```
Next, the `_cancelAuction` specified for Encrypted Marginal Price Auction Module is invoked internally to update other required parameters. This function intends to ensure that the batch auctions cannot be cancelled once started, otherwise the seller could cancel the auction after bids have been submitted.
```solidity
    function _revertIfLotActive(uint96 lotId_) internal view override {
        if (
            auctionData[lotId_].status == Auction.Status.Created
                && lotData[lotId_].start <= block.timestamp
                && lotData[lotId_].conclusion > block.timestamp 
        ) revert Auction_WrongState(lotId_);
    }
```
In these snippet, the condition `lotData[lotId_].conclusion > block.timestamp` should ensure that the auction cannot be canceled after it has concluded. However, it fails to account for the exact moment when `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` equals `block.timestamp`. At this precise moment, the condition fails because the check is strictly greater than (>), not greater than or equal to (>=). This oversight allows the auction cancellation to proceed when it should be prevented.
## Impact
Bidders who have participated in the auction with the expectation of either winning the auction or refunding their bids are left without recourse to reclaim their funds.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L311
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L354
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L733-L741
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L204
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L885-L891
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjust the comparison in `_revertIfLotActive` to include the scenario where `lotData[lotId_].conclusion` is equal to `block.timestamp`, by changing `>` to `>=`.