Sparkly Merlot Platypus

medium

# bidder can submit a bid on an EMPAM auction after it is decrypted

## Summary
It is possible to submit a bid exactly at the conclusion timestamp in an EMPAM function. It is also possible to decrypt the auction exactly at the conclusion timestamp. Hence a bid could still happen after decryption, if within the same block.
## Vulnerability Detail
The EMPAM function collects encrypted bids until conclusion timestamp. Once the conclusion timestamp is reached, it is possible to decrypt the auction bids with `EncryptedMarginalPriceAuctionModule.submitPrivateKey()`. The `submitPrivateKey()` uses `_revertIfLotActive()` to protect it from being executed before conclusion timestamp:
```solidity
function _revertIfLotActive(uint96 lotId_) internal view override {
        if (
            auctionData[lotId_].status == Auction.Status.Created
                && lotData[lotId_].start <= block.timestamp
                && lotData[lotId_].conclusion > block.timestamp
        ) revert Auction_WrongState(lotId_);
    }
```
While the following protects entering bids after conclusion timestamp:
```solidity
function _revertIfLotConcluded(uint96 lotId_) internal view virtual {
        // Beyond the conclusion time
        if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion < uint48(block.timestamp)) {
            revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
        }

        // Capacity is sold-out, or cancelled
        if (lotData[lotId_].capacity == 0) revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
    }
```
now when in a single block where the conclusion is exactly the timestamp. Both functions will not revert.
## Impact
If a bid is submitted after the lot was decrypted two things happen:
1. The malicious bidder has an unfair advantage as he can submit a bid with the rest of the bids decrypted (he could calculate it while the transaction was floating in the mempool. (true only on L1 as on L2's the mempools could be hidden)
2. The bid is submitted after the queue was created hence it was not included in the `marginalPrice` calculation. 

If such a bidder who bid for the entire lot (and was not accounted for when `marginalPrice` was calculated claims their bid right after settlement first, the entire funding would be used for that claim. In such a case the remaining claim could not be satisfied, or they would be drawn from other auctions if there is enough of the `quoteToken`.

The attack is very difficult to execute, but consequences could be severe.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol#L735
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Auction.sol:
```diff
function _revertIfLotConcluded(uint96 lotId_) internal view virtual {
        // Beyond the conclusion time
-        if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion < uint48(block.timestamp)) {
+        if (lotData[lotId_].conclusion <= uint48(block.timestamp)) {
            revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
        }

        // Capacity is sold-out, or cancelled
        if (lotData[lotId_].capacity == 0) revert Auction_MarketNotActive(lotId_);
    }
```