Kind Admiral Crocodile

medium

# A partially filled capacity lot winner can cause settling of lot to always REVERT if blacklisted.

## Summary
A partially filled capacity lot winner can be blacklisted and hence can lead to never settling of a lot, causing bricking of every bidder's funds.
## Vulnerability Detail
A Batch Auction lot is being settled with the `AuctionHouse::settle` function. 
If a lot's capacity is completely filled , the lot is settled , and then the bidders & winner claim their bids using `AuctionHouse::claimBids` function, where the payouts are being sent or being refunded to the bidders.

But if a lot's capacity is partially filled, then the `pfBidder` is being sent the payout & refunded in the settle function only.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L465-L557

Now how it can cause issue is, if there's an auction where users account can be blacklisted for the quote token, lets say for eg:- USDT, if the `pfBidder` (winner) becomes blacklisted , then while settling the lot , baseToken's payout will be sent and quoteToken's remaining amount will be refunded.

But the refund is being done using the transfer function of Transfer library:

```javascript
// Send refund and payout to the bidder
 Transfer.transfer(
        routing.quoteToken, settlement.pfBidder, settlement.pfRefund, false
  );
```

Which uses safeTransfer in it :

```javascript
function transfer(
        ERC20 token_,
        address recipient_,
        uint256 amount_,
        bool validateBalance_
    ) public {
        uint256 balanceBefore;
        if (validateBalance_ == true) {
            balanceBefore = token_.balanceOf(recipient_);
        }

        // Transfer the quote token from the user
        // `safeTransferFrom()` will revert upon failure or the lack of allowance or balance
@>        token_.safeTransfer(recipient_, amount_);

        // Check that it is not a fee-on-transfer token
        if (validateBalance_ == true && token_.balanceOf(recipient_) < balanceBefore + amount_) {
            revert UnsupportedToken(address(token_));
        }
    }
```

If the `pfBidder` gets blacklisted, while refunding it will always revert because safeTransfer reverts.
Which will cause the lot to never settle.

## Impact
Lot will never be able to get settled, and hence the bidders of that lot will never be able to claim their bids since the `AuctionHouse::claimBids` function requires lot to be settled, or else it will always revert.

Because of which every bidders funds would be stucked forever.

Likelihood is very low,  but if happens impact is very high, hence categorised it as medium severity from my side.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L465-L557

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L403-L449
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The sending payout & refunding for partially filled capacity lots should also be done using PULL method only , just like being done for fully filled capacity lots, instead of PUSH method.

The logic should be implemented in a different function, or in the `claimBids` function only, where bidders claim their bids funds on their own, so that even if such scenario happens, other bidders will still be able to get back their funds.
