Strong Juniper Lizard

high

# The protocol is losing all the gas fees from all modules and derivatives on the Blast chain

## Summary
`Blast` redirects sequencer fees to the dapps that induced them, allowing smart contract developers to have `an additional source of revenue`.
For base + priority fees spent on a smart contract to be claimable, the Gas Mode must be set to Claimable. However, this setting is not enabled for modules and derivatives on the Blast chain.

## Vulnerability Detail

If we look at the Blast [documentation](https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/gas-fees), in order to successfully claim the gas consumed by the smart contract, you need to set the Gas Mode to `Claimable`.
```solidity
// This sets the Gas Mode for MyContract to claimable
    BLAST.configureClaimableGas(); 
```
`BlastEMPAM` and `BlastLinearVesting` inherit from `BlastGas` smart contract, which specifies `BlastAuctionHouse` as an external `governor` in the constructor. This means that only the `BlastAuctionHouse` can claim the gas consumed for this module and derivative. 
However, since the Gas Mode is not set to `Claimable`, the base + priority fees go to the sequencer operator.

[How Gas Fees Are Allocated](https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/gas-fees#how-gas-fees-are-allocated) from the Blast documentation:
Blast allocates sequencer fees to contracts based on the amount of gas that contract consumed in the transaction. This means that contracts that make nested calls to other smart contracts will get a proportional amount of the total gas fees spent on the transation, not the total amount. Consider the following example transaction:

```solidity
Contract A (30,000 gas)
     Contract B (50,000 gas)
     Contract C (20,000 gas)
          Contract A (30,000 gas)
          Contract D (40,000 gas)
```          
Suppose that only contracts A and D have set their Gas Mode to claimable. In this sample transaction, contract A would be allocated 30,000 + 30,000 = 60,000 gas worth of fees, and contract D would be allocated 40,000 gas worth of fees. The gas spent on contracts B and C, 50,000 + 20,000 = 70,000, would be allocated to the sequencer operator.

## Impact
Likelihood is high since the Gas Mode is not set to `Claimable`.
Impact is high since all the gas fees consumed by `BlastEMPAM` and `BlastLinearVesting` are lost to the protocol.

## Code Snippet
[src/blast/modules/BlastGas.sol#L11-L14](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/modules/BlastGas.sol#L11-L14)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider changing the BlastGas constructor to set the Gas Mode to `Claimable`:
```diff
constructor(address parent_) {
+      IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureClaimableGas();
        // Configure governor to claim gas fees
        IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureGovernor(parent_);
    }
```
