Salty Violet Mole

high

# Gas Mode Not Set to `Claimable` in `BlastGas` Contract

## Summary

The `BlastAuctionHouse` contract is unable to claim gas from the modules using the `claimModuleGas` function due to the gas mode not being set to `Claimable` in the base Blast module contract `BlastGas` (which is inherited by all modules on Blast).

## Vulnerability Detail

In Blast, the default gas mode is set to `Void`, meaning fees go to the sequencer operator. To enable the contract to claim these fees, the `BLAST.configureClaimableGas()` function must be called, as explained in the [Blast docs](https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/gas-fees#setting-gas-mode-to-claimable).

The `BlastGas` contract, which the base Blast module contract that is inherited by all modules on Blast (either the auctions or derivatives), fails to configure the module gas mode to be claimable in its constructor. Additionally, it configures the governor immediately in the constructor, preventing the contract from configuring itself in the future.

```solidity
constructor(address parent_) {
    // Configure governor to claim gas fees
    IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureGovernor(
        parent_
    );
}
```

After the constructor is executed, the only way to change the gas mode of the module is for `BlastAuctionHouse` (the new module governor as it can be seen the `BlastGas` constructor argument of both `BlastEMPAM` and `BlastLinearVesting`) to invoke `BLAST.configureClaimableGasOnBehalf` with the corresponding module address. However, `BlastAuctionHouse` lacks a method to invoke this function.

Thus, the modules gas mode will remain in `Void` mode and they will not accrue any fees, resulting in `claimModuleGas` function in `BlastAuctionHouse` having no gas fees to claim.

```solidity
function claimModuleGas(Veecode reference_) external {
    // Claim the gas consumed by the module, send to protocol
    _BLAST.claimMaxGas(
        address(_getModuleIfInstalled(reference_)),
        _protocol
    );
}
```

Consequently, all gas fees earned by the modules on Blast will be lost (claimed by the operator not the modules), which is a significant financial loss for the protocol.

## Impact

The `BlastAuctionHouse` cannot claim module gas using the `claimModuleGas` function because the Blast modules gas mode is not set to `Claimable` in the base `BlastGas` contract (inherited by all modules on Blast).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/modules/BlastGas.sol#L11-L14

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L72-L75

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To rectify this issue, set the module gas mode to `Claimable` in the `BlastGas` contract constructor before configuring the governor to be the Auction House:

```solidity
constructor(address parent_) {
    IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureClaimableGas();

    // Configure governor to claim gas fees
    IBlast(0x4300000000000000000000000000000000000002).configureGovernor(
        parent_
    );
}
```