Fun Carob Whale

high

# Claiming token yield for weth and usdb will be DOSed for 30 days

## Summary
Claiming token yield for weth and usdb will be DOSed for 30 days
## Vulnerability Detail
In the `BlastAuctionHouse.sol` contract, we can claim yields of gas, weth, and usdb in a single function
(shown below)
```solidity
    function claimYieldAndGas() external {
        // Claim the yield for the WETH and USDB tokens and send to protocol
        _WETH.claim(_protocol, _WETH.getClaimableAmount(address(this)));
        _USDB.claim(_protocol, _USDB.getClaimableAmount(address(this)));

        // Claim the gas consumed by this contract, send to protocol
        _BLAST.claimMaxGas(address(this), _protocol);
    }
```
The problem occurs because of 2 things
1. the claim of gas and tokens is bundled into 1 function
2. We utitilize claimMaxGas to claim gas yields

Why is this problematic? This is problematic because claimMaxGas only claims gas if the claimrate is fully matured and enough time has passed. According to blast docs, maturity of gas is reached at 30 days.

https://docs.blast.io/building/guides/gas-fees#claiming-gas-fees
> For mainnet, the parameters will be set to a 50% initial claim rate, 30 day maturity period, and 100% final claim rate.

This means that any calls to claimMaxGas before maturity of claimrate will cause a revert. Because claimMaxGas is claimed together in a single function with `_WETH.claim` and` _USDB.claim` , these claims will also need to wait the full 30 days for claimMaxGas when they shouldnt need to.

The result is a DOS of claiming of weth and usdb yield of 30 days.

This means that this is a medium severity issue according to sherlock docs
> The issue causes locking of funds for users for more than a week.

additionally another impact is loss of yield.

since we must wait 30 days to claim usdb and weth yield, that yield will not be creating more yield because we have to wait to claim it. 

for example, if the owner were able to claim every day as intended, then at the end of the month he would have more yield than claiming once at the end of the 30 day wait.

since there is 2 impacts i believe high severity is now justified.
## Impact
DOS of claiming of weth and usdb yield of 30 days.
Loss of yield.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/cadf331f12b485bac184111cdc9ba1344d9fbf01/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L63
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Separate the claiming of the tokens USDB and WETH into a whole new function. This allows the owner to claim their yield without the 30 day dos because of claimMaxGas revert.