Rhythmic Myrtle Pheasant

medium

# Looping over unbounded array can produce a DoS

## Summary

There is no constraint in place to the number of bids accepted by an auction which only limit would be gas. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When an auction is created, the number of bids accepted is not constrained (except in part for the allowlist mechanism), leading to a potential unbounded array scenario. 

This array can grow indefinitely in size, as it never shrinks. When these type of arrays are used in unbounded loops, they may lead to a denial-of-service (DoS) of the functions where they are called.

An example of this scenario can be shown in the `settle.t.sol` contract within the `test_largeNumberOfUnfilledBids_gasUsage()` function. As described the test checks the gas for a consider number of bids that do not fill capacity. 

While the test works with an extra space of 1500 bids, given the modifier `givenLargeNumberOfUnfilledBids()`:

```solidity 
 // Create more bids that will not be filled
        // Lower price, otherwise they will be filled first due to ordering
        for (uint256 i; i < 1500; i++) {
            _createBid(19e17, 1e18);
        }
 ```
 ```solidity
// Call function
        uint256 gasBefore = gasleft();
        (Auction.Settlement memory settlement, bytes memory auctionOutput) = _settle();
        uint256 gasAfter = gasleft();
        console2.log("gas used", gasBefore - gasAfter);
 ```
If the number of bids increases without boundaries the test will eventually revert. 

## Impact

If numerous bids are created over auction time, iterating through them could become very expensive, potentially exceeding the gas limit. Consequently, transactions may fail to execute, rendering the contract's functionalities inaccessible.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L68

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Limit the number of bids that can be created to maximum value per auction. 
