Custom Pecan Grasshopper

high

# Malicious batch auction creators can DoS the auction process by not submitting the auction’s private key

## Summary

A malicious auction creator can prevent EMPA auctions from ever being settled by not submitting the private key bound to the auction’s public key, effectively making all the bids in the auction remain stuck forever in the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

When an Encrypted Marginal Price Auction is created, the creator (seller) will submit a public key. This public key will be used in the ECIES encryption process so that bids can be decrypted after the bidding has finalized (when the auction has concluded).

The problem with this approach is that the protocol wrongly assumes that auction creators will have good faith and will submit the private key corresponding to the auction’s public key via the `submitPrivateKey()` function (the private key that will be used in the decryption process):

```solidity
// EMPAM.sol

function submitPrivateKey(uint96 lotId_, uint256 privateKey_, uint64 num_) external {
        // Validation
        _revertIfLotInvalid(lotId_);
        _revertIfLotActive(lotId_); 
        _revertIfBeforeLotStart(lotId_); 
 
        // Revert if the private key has already been verified and set
        if (auctionData[lotId_].privateKey != 0) revert Auction_WrongState(lotId_);

        // Check that the private key is valid for the public key
        // We assume that all public keys are derived from the same generator: (1, 2)
        Point memory calcPubKey = ECIES.calcPubKey(Point(1, 2), privateKey_);
        Point memory pubKey = auctionData[lotId_].publicKey; 
        if (calcPubKey.x != pubKey.x || calcPubKey.y != pubKey.y) revert Auction_InvalidKey();
  
        // Store the private key
        auctionData[lotId_].privateKey = privateKey_;

        // Decrypt and sort bids
        _decryptAndSortBids(lotId_, num_);
    }

```

It is important to understand that not submitting the private key (a process that must be performed when an auction is concluded) will completely block the expected auction process, causing a DoS that will prevent several functions from being executed. 

The biggest impact caused by this attack is preventing users that already performed bids from obtaining a refund:

- The `refundBid()` function can’t be called because bids can’t be refunded once an auction has concluded (and submitting a private key is expected to be done after the auction has concluded):
    
    ```solidity
    // Auction.sol
    
    function refundBid(
            uint96 lotId_, 
            uint64 bidId_,
            address caller_ 
        ) external override onlyInternal returns (uint96 refund) {
            // Standard validation
    	      ...
            _revertIfLotConcluded(lotId_); 
           
            // Call implementation-specific logic
            return _refundBid(lotId_, bidId_, caller_); 
        }
    ```
    
- It is not possible to claim bids (although it doesn’t actually make sense) because the auction can’t be settled, given that settling requires the private key to be submitted (i.e lot status == `Auction.Status.Decrypted`), and claiming bids requires the auction to be settled:
    
    ```solidity
    //EMPAM.sol
    
    function _settle(uint96 lotId_)
            internal
            override
            returns (Settlement memory settlement_, bytes memory auctionOutput_)
        {
            // Settle the auction
            // Check that auction is in the right state for settlement
            if (auctionData[lotId_].status != Auction.Status.Decrypted) {
                revert Auction_WrongState(lotId_);
            }
            
            ...
            
    		}
    ```
    
    ```solidity
    // Auction.sol
    
    function claimBids(
            uint96 lotId_,
            uint64[] calldata bidIds_
        )
            external
            override
            onlyInternal
            returns (BidClaim[] memory bidClaims, bytes memory auctionOutput)
        {
            // Standard validation
            _revertIfLotInvalid(lotId_);
            _revertIfLotNotSettled(lotId_);
     
            ...
        }
        
        
    ```
    

> Note: As described in the `[EMPA.md](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/design/EMPA.md#components-and-design-decisions)` file’s “Components and Design decisions” provided by the Axis team, one of the properties of Axis is to be *“Maximally Permissionless. The entire auction process happens on-chain and can be executed without relying on our off-chain infrastructure.”* Although it is true that the `submitPrivateKey()` function is permissionless and that Axis will operate with an API that will handle the public key/private key revealing process, the permissionless nature of the protocol makes the attack described feasible, and it must be handled so that the possibility of funds remaining stuck forever in the protocol is completely mitigated.
>

## Impact

High. A malicious auction seller can completely DoS the auction process to their will, effectively making the bids submitted remain stuck in the protocol forever.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L187

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to implement a private key submission period. This period will begin right after an auction conclusion and can have a duration decided by the Axis team, or be configured by the auction seller. After the private key submission period has passed, two situations might arise:

- The private key has been submitted: This is the happy path. If the key is submitted the auction process can continue as expected, without any issue
- The private key has not been submitted: If the key is not submitted, Axis should allow bidders to obtain a refund of their bids, even if the auction has already concluded. This will remove the possibility of funds remaining stuck in the contract forever, and will mitigate the attack’s impact.
