Special Black Spider

medium

# Griefing Attack: Lack of refund fee can be abused to prevent other users from collecting a refund

## Summary
Griefing Attack: Lack of refund fee can be abused to prevent other users from collecting a refund

## Vulnerability Detail
Contract: EMPAM.sol

Currently, there is no refund fee implemented, this means that a malicious user can simply spam the queue. While I acknowledge that a minAmount is needed, this attack can still be placed as follows:

1. Alice recognizes an auction has been placed

2. Alice is the first bidder and will bid multiple times, essentially spamming the queue with multiple spam bids:

auctionData[lotId_].bidIds.push(bidId);

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L264](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L264)


3. It is important to acknowledge that this PoC expects multiple other bids to be place POST-Alice bids, essentially extending the queue after Alice’s bids (this fact is important later)

4. Now, we acknowledge that we have array of bidIDs:

auctionData[lotId_].bidIds

whereas Alice’s bids are first and all subsequent bids come later.

Now one can probably think, what the attack vector or the impact here is. One need to mention that the protocol’s developers were very smart and have implemented a batched _decryptAndSortBids function. This was implemented in an effort to prevent exactly these attacks (if the array is too large, this would mean the auction is essentially DoS’ed). 

So this means, the developers were very well aware of this attack. 

However, one important point was not thought out: the _refundBid function, as it simply loops over all bidIDs until the desired bid was found and will then remove the element from the position. Now we need to remember that Alice’s positions were all at the beginning of the array, while all other positions are coming after Alice. This means, all other positions must loop over Alice’s position first and can only then be refunded. The problem is that the array is very large and this will run out of gas at some point, which essentially prevents anyone after Alice to initiate a proper refund. 

Alice, mentionable, has no problem with the array size, as her positions don’t need to execute large loops and therefore she can initiate a refund without any problems. 

The impact should be pretty clear now: Alice can essentially prevent any refunds from happening.

The crux with this issue is: Alice does not even need to call refund, she can simply provide a minAmountOut parameter and amountIn, which will then result in the price being below the desired minPrice. Therefore, none of her bids are accepted, so there is absolutely no economical disadvantage besides the gas cost for bidding and claiming her bids.

This issue aligns with Sherlock’s rules:

"The issue impacts the availability of time-sensitive functions (cutoff functions are not considered time-sensitive)"

Refunds are time-sensitive, after the auction has concluded, no refund is possible and users are forced to realize their bids.

## Impact
IMPACT:

a) DoS of basic, important functionality


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/auctions/EMPAM.sol#L264

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Multiple solutions:

a) Implement a fee for refunds (makes Alice’s attack economically uninteresting)

b) Implement an upper limit for bids per lotId per address (that would still allow for sybil attacks)

c) Refactor the mechanism and incorporate an enumerableSet approach. (That would require a lot of work)

