Muscular Lace Tapir

medium

# Incorrect Salt Usage in ECIES Decryption - Risk of Decryption Failure

## Summary
The `ECIES` library's `decrypt` function does not validate the correctness of the provided salt against the salt used during encryption, potentially resulting in decryption failure and data misinterpretation.

## Vulnerability Detail
Current Implementation:
```solidity
function decrypt(
    uint256 ciphertext_,
    Point memory ciphertextPubKey_,
    uint256 privateKey_,
    uint256 salt_
) public view returns (uint256 message_) {
    // @audit ... (omitted for brevity)
    uint256 symmetricKey = deriveSymmetricKey(sharedSecret, salt_);
    message_ = ciphertext_ ^ symmetricKey;
}
```
- What Goes Wrong: The decrypt function uses the provided salt to derive the symmetric key and does not verify if this salt is the same as the one used during encryption, which can lead to incorrect decryption if the salt is wrong.

## Impact
- **Data Integrity**: Incorrect decryption can lead to data corruption or misinterpretation.
- **System Reliability**: Dependence on accurate decryption for system operations can result in system failures or incorrect outputs.

## Code Snippet
The vulnerability arises from the use of a potentially incorrect salt in the `decrypt` function.
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/lib/ECIES.sol#L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- **Salt Verification**: Implement a mechanism to verify the salt used during decryption matches the one used during encryption. This could involve storing the salt alongside the ciphertext or using a deterministic method to derive the salt.
- **Error Handling**: Provide clear error messages or codes when decryption fails due to salt mismatch, helping users identify and correct the issue.