Muscular Lace Tapir

high

# Permissionless Claim Functions can be Front-Running by a malicious contract

## Summary
The `BlastAuctionHouse` contract allows any address to call the `claimYieldAndGas` and `claimModuleGas` functions without restrictions. This could lead to  potential front-running, where a malicious actor could trigger the claim with the timing of their choice.

## Vulnerability Detail
Current Implementation:
```solidity
function claimYieldAndGas() external {
    _WETH.claim(_protocol, _WETH.getClaimableAmount(address(this)));
    _USDB.claim(_protocol, _USDB.getClaimableAmount(address(this)));
    _BLAST.claimMaxGas(address(this), _protocol);
}

function claimModuleGas(Veecode reference_) external {
    _BLAST.claimMaxGas(address(_getModuleIfInstalled(reference_)), _protocol);
}
```
- What Goes  Wrong:

`Any external account can call these functions, potentially when it's least beneficial for the protocol. The functions lack checks to ensure that the caller is authorized, which could lead to front-running and gas wastage.`

## Impact
- Potential loss of yield if a front-runner claims at an inopportune time, affecting the protocol's revenue.
- Reduced control over the timing of yield and gas claims, potentially leading to suboptimal financial outcomes for the protocol.
- Unnecessary gas consumption if the claim functions are called repeatedly without a cooldown period.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L63
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/blast/BlastAuctionHouse.sol#L72

## Tool used

Manual Review
[reference link](https://immunefi.com/immunefi-top-10/#v082023-frontrunning)
[reference link](https://immunefi.com/immunefi-top-10/#v042023-weak-access-control)

## Recommendation
Implement access control to restrict the calling of claim functions to only authorized addresses, such as the contract owner or a designated protocol manager.
Consider adding a cooldown period to prevent rapid successive calls that could lead to gas wastage.
Emit events upon successful claims to enable tracking and analysis of claim actions.