Cheesy Banana Chicken

high

# Creating >=2 auctions leads to DOS of almost the whole protocol. All existing and future user funds get stuck forever

## Summary
Creating >=2 auctions leads to DOS of almost the whole protocol. All existing and future user funds get stuck forever inside the protocol
## Vulnerability Detail
When creating a new auction lot by calling **Auctioneer.auction(...)** a new lotRouting storage entry is supposed to be initialized. However the key (**lotId** ) is **always 0** and the initialization is not correct
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L174

This causes all old auctions routing data to be permanently deleted by overriding it with the latest auction routing data.
As a result, all registered auctions cannot be settled which means that all user deposited tokens get stuck forever in the protocol. Bids cannot be placed/refunded/claimed, auctions cannot be canceled, proceeds cannot be claimed. This is because the **lotRouting** storage variable plays a crucial role in all those operations.
Detailed POC is provided inside the Code Snippet section
## Impact
All deposited baseTokens and quoteTokens inside the protocol get stuck and cannot be withdrawn. However, users can still create auctions and more base tokens can get stuck forever. Almost all AuctionHouse.sol functionality doesn't work and reverts permanently.

## Code Snippet
POCs with the DOS vulnerability
https://gist.github.com/dinkras/3574f8082d3688c662ec0ba8e5cdadb1

The issue happens on line 174. The variable **lotId** is not initialized and always has a default value of 0
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L160-L174
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Init the **lotId** variable at the beginning of the Auctioneer.**auction(...)** function instead of line 194
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L194