Custom Pecan Grasshopper

high

# An incorrect `lotId` value is used to update routing data in `auction()`

## Summary

When creating an auction, lotId is accessed prior to being initialized, which makes the routing data for the new action to be created be always written to lotRouting[0], instead of the proper new lot ID.

## Vulnerability Detail

When an auction is created, relevant data to the auction is stored inisde the `lotRouting` mapping. This mapping is defined as `(uint96 lotId => Routing)`, and the `uint96` will always be the new lot ID for the auction being created.

However, if we analyze the `auction()` function, we’ll see that a wrong `lotId` value is accessed:

```solidity
// Auctioneer.sol

function auction( 
        RoutingParams calldata routing_,
        Auction.AuctionParams calldata params_,
        string calldata infoHash_
    ) external nonReentrant returns (uint96 lotId) {
        
        ...
 
        Routing storage routing = lotRouting[lotId]; 
 
        ...
        

            // Increment lot count and get ID
            lotId = lotCounter++; 
```

As the snippet shows, the `routing` variable is a storage variable that is extracted from `lotRouting[lotId]`. The problem is that `lotId` is incremented and properly set from `lotCounter++` **AFTER** accessing `lotRouting`. Because `lotId` is declared as the return variable in the `auction()` function, `routing` will always be obtained from `lotRouting[0]`, preventing the `routing` variable from being properly updated for the current lot, and making the information from the new auction being created be stored in the wrong `lotRouting` mapping slot.

## Impact

High. The routing data for an auction lot is extremely important, given that it holds the relevant information for the given lot ID. This issue prevents new auctions to be properly created, given that information will always be written to `lotRouting[0]`, and making all the other functions in the protocol that try to access `lotRouting` utilizing the actual proper lot ID to always return empty data, because they were never updated in the auction creation.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/bases/Auctioneer.sol#L174

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Fetch the lotId from the lotCounter before obtaining data from lotRouting[lotId], making the proper lotId be used for the new auction.
