Rare Mercurial Sealion

medium

# EMPA's Can be Locked because of Reaching Block Gas Limit

## Summary
There is no restriction in bid amount for an auction which can result in locked funds because of block gas limit is reached.
## Vulnerability Detail
During the settlement of the EMPA process, the auction first decrypted by users and then settled through their respective function calls. Both of these functions consume significant amounts of gas. While decryption can be executed partially via multiple calls to circumvent the block gas limit, settling can only be performed in a single transaction.
In the current implementation, the settle() function encounters the block gas limit issue when there are nearly 14,000 bids in an auction. Given that Axis is anticipated to be used for token launches (as it is written in documentation), it wouldn't be unexpected for an auction to exceed this bid count if left unrestricted. Moreover, bid amounts could escalate significantly more than that amount if the protocol gains traction.

There is one part of the settle() function that is using unnecessary amount of gas and has no effect on settlement. Which is the Queue deletion:
```solidity
        // Delete the rest of the decrypted bids queue for a gas refund
        {
            Queue storage queue = decryptedBids[lotId_];
            uint256 remainingBids = queue.getNumBids();
            if (remainingBids > 0) {
                for (uint256 i = remainingBids - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
                    uint64 bidId = queue.bidIdList[i];
                    delete queue.idToBidMap[bidId];
                    queue.bidIdList.pop();

                    // Otherwise an underflow will occur
                    if (i == 0) {
                        break;
                    }
                }
                delete queue.numBids;
            }
        }
```
Removing the Queue deletion part in _settle() can ease this process as I have submitted in another issue #2 (Issue: Code that Written in Order to Optimize Gas, Instead Nearly Triples Gas Usage) , but it will continue to be a problem in extreme cases where there are nearly 40.000 bids in an auction. Considering when this situation occurs, all funds for both buyers and sellers will be locked in the contract forever (once auction is concluded there is no way to change its state without settlement), edge cases should also be addressed.
POC:
The test implemented by protocol : *test_largeNumberOfUnfilledBids_gasUsage*  checks how much gas _settle() call uses when there are 1500 bids in an auction. This test lies in *moonraker/test/modules/auctions/EMPA/settle.t.sol*, the modifier *givenLargeNumberOfUnfilledBids* is the part where bid amount is decided. Change that modifier to following so that the auction will have 14000 bids in total:
```solidity
    modifier givenLargeNumberOfUnfilledBids() {
        // Create 10 bids that will fill capacity
        for (uint256 i; i < 10; i++) {
            _createBid(2e18, 1e18);
        }

        // Create more bids that will not be filled
        // Lower price, otherwise they will be filled first due to ordering
        for (uint256 i; i < 14000; i++) {
            _createBid(19e17, 1e18);
        }

        // Marginal price: 2
        _expectedMarginalPrice = _scaleQuoteTokenAmount(2 * _BASE_SCALE);
        _expectedMarginalBidId = 10;

        _expectedTotalIn = 10 * 2e18;
        _expectedTotalOut = 10 * 1e18;
        _;
    }
```
Now execute the test with command *forge test --mt test_largeNumberOfUnfilledBids_gasUsage -vv*. 
Result will be = 31.244.540
Hence it will reach the block gas limit in OP Stack Rollups and also in Mainnet and revert.
## Impact
All funds of an auction buyers and seller are locked.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/modules/Auction.sol/#L446
(Passed the bid function, because recommendation should go here)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add maximum bid amount for auctions so that it won't revert. If the bid amount reached, don't allow new bids. The maximum bid amount should be configured carefully. In the current implementation, considering the issue highlighted in #2 (Issue: Code that Written in Order to Optimize Gas, Instead Nearly Triples Gas Usage), the maximum bid amount could be set in the range of ten thousand. However, if the recommendation in the specified issue is implemented, this range could be extended to around thirty thousand.