Special Black Spider

high

# Settle will revert if pfBidder or curator is blacklisted, resulting in permanently stuck funds

## Summary

Settle will revert if pfBidder or curator is blacklisted, resulting in permanently stuck funds


## Vulnerability Detail

Contract: AuctionHouse.sol

Whenever the time of an auction (EMPAM) has concluded, the next step is to provide the private key, decrypt it and settle it. All these steps are explicitly only possible once the TS has passed the conclusion time. 

So consider a state where the conclusion time has passed, the private key was provided and all bids are correctly decrypted. Naturally, the next step is to settle the bids and afterwards allow users to claim their bids. 

The problem arises within the settle function’s partial fill scenario, using the push over pull pattern to transfer out the refund and payout to the pf.Bidder address:

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L525](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L525)


            	Transfer.transfer(
                	routing.quoteToken, settlement.pfBidder, settlement.pfRefund, false
            	);
            	_sendPayout(settlement.pfBidder, settlement.pfPayout, routing, auctionOutput);

If the pf.Bidder address is blacklisted, he will not be able to receive these funds and the transfer will revert. Therefore, the whole settlement will revert.

With ever increasing kyc implementations on chain and RWA, this will happen more and more often.

Additionally, the same issue applies to the curator:


[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L551](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L551)

This issue aligns with Sherlock’s rules:

User Blacklist: User getting blacklisted by a token/contract causing harm only to themselves is not a valid medium/high.

This is causing issues not only to themselves but to all participants of the auction.

## Impact

IMPACT:

a) Permanent locked/lost funds

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L525

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-axis-finance/blob/main/moonraker/src/AuctionHouse.sol#L551

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider *always* and *solely* using the pull over push pattern.
